Chris Alliman MD: Alright, good morning. This is Dr. Oliver and the next patient will be a new patient intake intake for Debbie Barker, date of birth is
Chris Alliman MD: Hello, Miss birchard
Debbie Barker: Yes, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: How are you, I'm Dr. Solomon. How are you today.
Chris Alliman MD: Fair. All right, good to hear. Was it a struggle to get into the meeting.
Debbie Barker: No, sir. It wasn't I'm learning pretty quick.
Excellent.
Chris Alliman MD: I'm glad to hear that it can get confusing. So I'm glad it's going well.
Chris Alliman MD: So we're talking about Suboxone today, is that correct
Debbie Barker: Yes, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: Why do you want to get on Suboxone
Debbie Barker: Because I take a lot of pain pills and I started doing the black with my daughter.
Debbie Barker: I've had four back surgeries and I have a fusion that's coming apart, which is on hold right now and I have a bad knee.
Debbie Barker: And to have surgery on and that can that's on hold to I've injured my hand.
Debbie Barker: Got three fingers on one hand
Debbie Barker: Which hand and all rim Metairie arthritis.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, so we got a few things here. We've got rheumatoid arthritis. Yeah. Which hand do you have only a few
Left.
Chris Alliman MD: Left hand.
Linger
Chris Alliman MD: Patient you mentioned
Chris Alliman MD: Why did you have to have the back surgeries.
Debbie Barker: I fell down two flights of stairs in 1983
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And did you have a broken back like fractures. What, what was wrong with it.
Debbie Barker: I had my tone and all the sections and it was pushed into my colon. I was like that before years before they figured out what was wrong with me.
Chris Alliman MD: So kind of a collapsed.
Debbie Barker: Spine first surgery was
Debbie Barker: They went in and took my hotel bone out the first surgery and then they got to where I could walk again. Of course, I had two small kids at that time and then a year and a half later, would that collapsed again. So they went in and fuse del five
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Debbie Barker: And I moved here to New Mexico and oh five, I was in a wheelchair for four years before they went in and fused L for and they need my spinal cord. So they had to go in again.
Debbie Barker: And again, and put a patch on my spine and then now I've got that one coming apart L for
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so help me understand the dates on or just the years on things. What year did you have the first tailbone removal
Chris Alliman MD: And 8087 187
Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. And then the second one. I heard was the alpha
Debbie Barker: Fusion. Is that correct, I was 98
Chris Alliman MD: That was in 98 any between those two.
Debbie Barker: No. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And then we have in 2009 BL for fusion.
Debbie Barker: Now to
2000 and 5004 2005
Chris Alliman MD: Spinal patch, when was that what year was that
Debbie Barker: Yes, we remove the same year. I know for
Debbie Barker: 2005 distorted right up on my back.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, yeah. What other surgeries. Have you had besides those
Debbie Barker: I've had two surgeries on my hand.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. What year were those
Debbie Barker: What you with my
Debbie Barker: July 9 2011
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And those are both of them both surgeries 2011
Debbie Barker: Yeah.
Yeah okay so Weiss.
Chris Alliman MD: Any other surgeries besides those
Debbie Barker: I've had my shoulder. The
Debbie Barker: Which road during
Debbie Barker: On my right shoulder.
Chris Alliman MD: Right shoulder rotator cuff surgery. What year was that
Debbie Barker: At
Debbie Barker: 97
Debbie Barker: That's been quite some time ago.
Chris Alliman MD: About I heard about 97, is that correct
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, okay, good. Any other surgeries.
Debbie Barker: Under three C sections.
Debbie Barker: And I'm blame that's him.
Chris Alliman MD: All right.
Chris Alliman MD: I'm sorry, one more. Okay. What year was the hysterectomy.
Debbie Barker: And 8988
Chris Alliman MD: Very good.
Chris Alliman MD: Any allergies to medications.
Chris Alliman MD: I'm sorry, I missed that. What was that
Debbie Barker: Just tough to cycling.
Debbie Barker: Hives
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, tetra cycling with hives.
Debbie Barker: And the only thing. There are no
Chris Alliman MD: Very good.
Chris Alliman MD: What medications do you take currently
Chris Alliman MD: Excellent.
Debbie Barker: Oh gosh, it's got the same oh singular singular
Debbie Barker: Okay, and then I use a note spraying
Debbie Barker: For my allergies.
Chris Alliman MD: Is that flow days or flu ticker zone.
Yes. Okay.
Debbie Barker: Then I'll just spell this one. Do you on my notes right
Debbie Barker: He got. OK. OK.
Chris Alliman MD: OK, we take his own good.
Debbie Barker: And then I'll spell this one to you. D. E. S. This girl list for all
Chris Alliman MD: Lisinopril. Yes. Okay, good.
Chris Alliman MD: What else
Debbie Barker: folic acid.
Debbie Barker: Well,
Debbie Barker: I have to spell this
Debbie Barker: It's a
Debbie Barker: Map to spell it.
Debbie Barker: It's generic four B E T r, Ian.
Chris Alliman MD: Can you spell that again, please.
Debbie Barker: Be o l p e a r e n
Chris Alliman MD: O. V. V. O. L.
Debbie Barker: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, good. Thank you.
Chris Alliman MD: And that's a pill. Right. Yes.
Debbie Barker: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. What else
Debbie Barker: And this one is you
Debbie Barker: I p H y el
Chris Alliman MD: You n th y
El
Debbie Barker: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Let me look that one up real quick. I'm not familiar with that one.
Debbie Barker: It's for my COPD.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: What else
Debbie Barker: methotrexate
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Debbie Barker: inhaler.
Debbie Barker: And there's one other
Oh,
Debbie Barker: You ll er, it's you ll er a inhaler.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay do laira Uh huh.
Chris Alliman MD: Is there a now beautiful inhaler or ventilation pro air.
Debbie Barker: Next one.
Debbie Barker: Medication is no
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: That's it. Good.
Chris Alliman MD: So good putting all that together there. Looks like there's the COPD, that you mentioned.
Debbie Barker: Right.
Chris Alliman MD: The rheumatoid arthritis.
Chris Alliman MD: Arthritis in general just regular arthritis.
Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: High blood pressure.
Chris Alliman MD: You have high blood pressure.
Debbie Barker: No. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Why do you take the life Center Pro.
Debbie Barker: I don't know.
Debbie Barker: Okay well as her blood pressure. It's been up and down.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Fair enough, fair enough. I just want to make sure I know what's happening. And you have
Chris Alliman MD: Seasonal Albert
Debbie Barker: Go ahead. Yes, I do. I take three shots a week at the clinic.
Debbie Barker: Okay.
For my writings
Debbie Barker: I'm allergic everything around
Debbie Barker: I don't go don't end up not hospital with pneumonia or anything like that. No more since I'm taking them.
Chris Alliman MD: Good.
Chris Alliman MD: That sounds good. All right. I saw that you smoke.
Debbie Barker: Crack of
All right.
Chris Alliman MD: How much do you smoke.
Debbie Barker: A PACK A DAY.
Chris Alliman MD: How long have you smoked for
Debbie Barker: Oh, you're really asking questions now.
Hey,
Chris Alliman MD: We're gonna get more personal here.
Debbie Barker: Oh, probably about 50 years. Okay, has it.
Chris Alliman MD: Has it always been a pack a day.
Debbie Barker: Or has it been more than, Oh no, it's been less than that. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Do you drink alcohol.
No.
Debbie Barker: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Ever had an alcohol problem.
Debbie Barker: No, my dad was an alcoholic and I lived with that for a long time. I might drink, you know, New Years. Well, I have a couple of drinks and that's about that.
Chris Alliman MD: Sure, sure.
Chris Alliman MD: And then, besides the the Oxycodone and the black heroin. Any other use any other drug use.
Debbie Barker: Wanting my sisters and neck sometime. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Any marijuana use
Debbie Barker: Oh yeah, I've got my card for that here in New Mexico.
Debbie Barker: I'm mostly focused at night to help me sleep.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so we're going to get more into the the short acting opiates. That's the oxy codeine and the black heroin.
Chris Alliman MD: So we're going to talk more about that. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. How long have you been on the oxy codeine pills.
Debbie Barker: I'm just for a couple of months now. I've been on him for about six months now.
Chris Alliman MD: For about six months.
Okay. Oh.
Chris Alliman MD: No, your pain has been going on longer than that. So what have you been using for
Chris Alliman MD: The pain.
Chris Alliman MD: Before that,
Debbie Barker: Um, hi Dros
Debbie Barker: Okay, and
Chris Alliman MD: The 10 milligram pills.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes, how often, how often are you taking the oxy code owns currently
Debbie Barker: I'm probably every four hours.
Chris Alliman MD: Is that one pill every four hours.
To
Chris Alliman MD: So, about six six pills a day.
Debbie Barker: Somewhere around there.
Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: All right.
Debbie Barker: It's just normal with the chronic pain.
Chris Alliman MD: It is a problem. Absolutely. Um,
Chris Alliman MD: And tell me about the the heroin use
Debbie Barker: I might do a paid for a day, sometimes a little more
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. And how do you, how do you use that paper I'm not
Debbie Barker: Too familiar with that process. No, get okay
Chris Alliman MD: How long have you been using that
Debbie Barker: Maybe about six months.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And how often
Debbie Barker: Once a day.
Chris Alliman MD: All right.
Debbie Barker: With
Chris Alliman MD: All of these medications. The short acting opiates both the the oxy codeine and the heroin.
Chris Alliman MD: Then also sometimes the
Chris Alliman MD: Xanax us
Chris Alliman MD: Sometimes the with your oxygen your lung issues we get concerned about a person essentially overdosing are stopping there.
Chris Alliman MD: brielle. Have you ever
Debbie Barker: Been my oxygen been real good. And if somebody with me all the time.
Debbie Barker: Good how remember
Debbie Barker: 98 yesterday. Good.
Chris Alliman MD: Have you ever overdosed or ever had to go to the emergency room.
Debbie Barker: Years back I did, but I haven't done that in a long time.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, what did you overdose on years back.
Debbie Barker: Probably the hydro. Okay.
Debbie Barker: I was living by myself.
Debbie Barker: But I've had to live in boyfriend for 11 years now.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, good, good.
Debbie Barker: Wonderful being married
Chris Alliman MD: Fair enough, fair enough.
Chris Alliman MD: Um, have you ever taken Suboxone
Chris Alliman MD: No. Okay. Why were you. Why are you interested in getting on Suboxone
Debbie Barker: Because I think it would be better pain relief.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so it's more for the pain aspect of it.
Right.
Debbie Barker: And the sickness. I have an echo over here.
Chris Alliman MD: And tell me what you mean by the sickness. So, and understand better
opiate
Debbie Barker: The opiate not the heroin and pills.
Chris Alliman MD: So the with withdrawals that goes with those
Debbie Barker: Yes, sir. Okay.
Debbie Barker: I'm at home 24 seven in bed, I'd say at least 90% of the time.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, that makes it tough, doesn't it.
It does.
Debbie Barker: I don't get out that much.
Debbie Barker: I could
Debbie Barker: do normal things in now, but I don't go there often. Yeah, I've got a walk there to a walk into a store, you know, a car and the whole nine yards.
Debbie Barker: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Now it seems like you've got a lot of medical issues going on. Do you have a primary care doctor that you see.
Debbie Barker: Yes sir, I do.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. How often do you see them.
Debbie Barker: Once a month. Okay, more if needed.
Debbie Barker: Good. I said, as long as I take my shot, you know, for my allergies. I do real good.
Debbie Barker: Yeah, that's a good goal, no more, anything like that. Sure.
Chris Alliman MD: That's that's good that you
Debbie Barker: That helps out as a wonderful really wonderful.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. So we certainly of course want you to keep your primary care doctor because we're not a primary care clinic and obviously we give you shots for your allergies.
Debbie Barker: So,
Chris Alliman MD: You're going to keep doing that. Good.
Chris Alliman MD: So besides your live in boyfriend who else
Chris Alliman MD: Who else lives with you.
Debbie Barker: My daughter moved back in my youngest daughter.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Anyone else that's living at the same place.
No.
Chris Alliman MD: Any young children that are around at your house.
Debbie Barker: No, I'm 62 my youngest is 38
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, no grandchildren that are coming over.
No.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And then
Chris Alliman MD: Are you on disability.
Debbie Barker: Yes. Okay.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And are you doing any counseling currently
Chris Alliman MD: No. Okay. Part of our
Chris Alliman MD: Part of our
Chris Alliman MD: Process our organization is that we connect people with counseling and you do, just like you and I are through the video.
Debbie Barker: Yeah, so
Chris Alliman MD: We will talk about that as we get to the end. I've got a lot more questions before we get there, though.
Debbie Barker: All right, good.
Chris Alliman MD: So, who's your support, as you go through this
Debbie Barker: And my boyfriend, my daughter. Good.
Debbie Barker: My sister.
Good.
Chris Alliman MD: Good sounds like you've got some good support backing you up.
Debbie Barker: Under. That's good. I
Chris Alliman MD: Know you had mentioned that your dad had a addiction to alcohol. Was there any other. Is there any other family addiction.
Debbie Barker: No.
Debbie Barker: Mom, Kathy. She's addicted to heroin.
Chris Alliman MD: And is that your sister.
Debbie Barker: No, that's my daughter.
Debbie Barker: And my other daughter was addicted to pain pills. I don't know if she's still is. We don't and math.
Debbie Barker: Okay, I don't do math.
Debbie Barker: Good. I'm just really clear.
Chris Alliman MD: I appreciate you letting me know that that's helpful.
Chris Alliman MD: Any mental health diagnosis for you any history of depression, anxiety, bipolar disease that you've been diagnosed with not if you think you had an
Chris Alliman MD: Anxiety, you've been diagnosed with
Debbie Barker: Depression years back, living by myself for, you know, so many years, and not being able to do a whole lot, especially when I was in the wheelchair.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. Yeah, that's great that you got out of the wheelchair.
Debbie Barker: All led to me. I wouldn't go walk again a very mentor. I'm going to help
Debbie Barker: I'm still walking
Chris Alliman MD: Good job. Very good. Alright, so these next questions are going to be some yes or no questions. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: There's about nine of them.
Debbie Barker: Maybe or
Chris Alliman MD: If you don't understand them. I can repeat them or rephrase them for you.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, so with the hydrocodone and the oxy codeine, have you had to take larger amounts or take it over a longer period of time than you initially intended to
Debbie Barker: Oh yeah, okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Was there a persistent desire or unsuccessful effort to cut down on their us
Debbie Barker: Crazy geeky kind of quick. No, I didn't drive it down, I think. Yes, I've tried to slow down.
Chris Alliman MD: You tried to slow down.
Chris Alliman MD: How'd that go
Debbie Barker: I'm not very good my paint up for down
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, so that'd be a yes on that one.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you have to spend a great deal of time trying to get the the opiates the oxy codeine, the hydrocodone or the heroin.
No.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you have to spend a great deal of time using them or recovering from them.
Debbie Barker: I don't spend much time using them.
Debbie Barker: Using to do. Okay. Gotta keep using the ville. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Gotcha. Okay, so there wasn't too much of a problem recovering from them either.
Chris Alliman MD: No, okay, we're not using them. Do you get or, you know, do you get cravings, or a strong desire to use the
Chris Alliman MD: short acting opiates. Yeah.
Debbie Barker: Yeah, okay.
Chris Alliman MD: He has
Chris Alliman MD: Has using the
Debbie Barker: Triple double I'm saying
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, has using the opiates caused failure to fulfill roles at work at school or at home.
No.
Debbie Barker: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you have any
Chris Alliman MD: Social or relationship problems that were worsened by the use of the opiates.
Debbie Barker: Not, no more, no.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, but you did previously.
Debbie Barker: When we first got together.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you have to give up important social, occupational or recreational activities because of the opiates.
Chris Alliman MD: No. Okay. Did you use
Chris Alliman MD: Them in situations that were physically hazardous like driving
Debbie Barker: No.
Good.
Chris Alliman MD: And did you continue to use them even knowing they can cause physical or psychological problems.
Debbie Barker: Yeah, okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And thinking main thinking mainly about the pills.
Chris Alliman MD: These two questions are very similar to each other. First of all, did you notice that you had to use more pills to get the same pain relief.
Chris Alliman MD: Sometime. Yep. And did you also notice that if you use the same amount. You didn't get the, the amount of relief.
Debbie Barker: Right. Um, yeah, okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And we talked a little bit of withdrawal symptoms that you the sickness that you
Chris Alliman MD: Have experienced withdrawal symptoms.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, we're going to go through
Chris Alliman MD: A list of symptoms, just kind of head to toe.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Debbie Barker: I've got a bunch of these out Tommy That's glaring
Chris Alliman MD: So I've got a bunch of these.
Chris Alliman MD: And they're just yes or no answers we won't
Chris Alliman MD: Get into them too far. Okay.
Debbie Barker: All right.
Chris Alliman MD: And we're talking about just the last two weeks on these
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. So over the last two weeks. Have you had any fevers.
Debbie Barker: No.
Chris Alliman MD: Have you had any night sweats.
Chris Alliman MD: Have you had any changes envision
Debbie Barker: Know,
Chris Alliman MD: It over the last two weeks, any difficulty hearing
Chris Alliman MD: No nasal congestion.
A lot
Chris Alliman MD: bloody noses.
Know,
Chris Alliman MD: Over the last two weeks. Any lip sores.
Chris Alliman MD: Any neck pain.
Debbie Barker: I have neck pain all the time. I've got three bad vertebrae in my neck and afford one popping up there.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, I imagine some next stiffness. Then also, yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Absolutely. Over the last two weeks and a cough.
Debbie Barker: Yes, I got a bad call
Chris Alliman MD: Any shortness of breath.
Debbie Barker: No, no, really good.
Chris Alliman MD: Over the last two weeks. Any chest pain.
Debbie Barker: No.
Chris Alliman MD: Good any swelling in the ankles.
Know,
Chris Alliman MD: Over the last two weeks. Any stomach pain.
Debbie Barker: Yeah, my stomach's been upset. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Any constipation.
No.
Chris Alliman MD: Diarrhea
Debbie Barker: Know,
Debbie Barker: Bye vomiting. Yes.
Debbie Barker: Nausea, yes.
Right.
Chris Alliman MD: In the last two weeks to any pain with urination.
Debbie Barker: Know,
Chris Alliman MD: Any blood in the urine.
Chris Alliman MD: Know any changes in
hair texture.
Debbie Barker: Know,
Chris Alliman MD: Any changes in skin texture.
Debbie Barker: Oh, I'm getting older, getting more Ringgold
Debbie Barker: Their little wire, I would say.
Debbie Barker: Senior women got the leader going
Chris Alliman MD: Any in the last two weeks, any new joint pains.
Debbie Barker: Know,
Chris Alliman MD: I know you have joint pains on and off anyway.
Chris Alliman MD: Any back pain in the last two weeks, I would say yes.
Yes. Yep.
Chris Alliman MD: Any muscle cramping. The last two any muscle cramping.
Debbie Barker: Yo, my hands and my feet, especially
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. In the last two weeks. Any headaches.
Debbie Barker: Yeah, I get them on and on.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Any tremors shaking
No.
Chris Alliman MD: Weakness
Debbie Barker: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: difficulty speaking
No.
Chris Alliman MD: In the last two weeks. Any mood changes.
Debbie Barker: No.
Depression.
Chris Alliman MD: Anxiety.
Yeah.
Debbie Barker: Hallucinations no
Chris Alliman MD: sleep problems.
Debbie Barker: Oh yeah, that's a big one for me.
Chris Alliman MD: And any suicidal thoughts.
No.
Chris Alliman MD: No. All right, good. Those are the questions in that range.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, now we get to the interesting part where we get to do the vital signs and the physical exam.
Debbie Barker: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Obviously a little bit hard to do through the computer.
Definitely
Debbie Barker: I was wondering
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, yeah. I've been watching you, and you've been breathing normally. So I'm going to put a normal respiration rate down
Debbie Barker: 19 right alright
Chris Alliman MD: How tall are you,
Debbie Barker: I'm five foot eight
Chris Alliman MD: five foot eight and how much do you weigh
Chris Alliman MD: Last time 140 848. Very good. Now, do you know how to check your pulse or can your daughter. Check your pulse.
Catherine
Debbie Barker: Do you know how to check my
Debbie Barker: No, no.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So we're gonna try a little bit
Chris Alliman MD: Here and I have
Debbie Barker: To admit I have an oxygen meter.
Chris Alliman MD: Does it, does it take your pulse.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Oh, let's do that.
Debbie Barker: That's perfect.
Debbie Barker: At the heart rate, he says.
Chris Alliman MD: Get the heart rate. That's what we want.
Debbie Barker: Okay, I got it on
Chris Alliman MD: Good.
Debbie Barker: I'm like, couldn't be so
Debbie Barker: It's a 43 what for my heart rate.
Debbie Barker: Let me try it again. That couldn't be right.
Debbie Barker: 4097 996
Chris Alliman MD: Your post is 96
Chris Alliman MD: Yes. All right. Thank you very much. I made that easy.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so the other part of the physical exam that we can do on the camera is check your stomach. So I need to see on camera. If you can push on your stomach.
Debbie Barker: Come over here.
Chris Alliman MD: I need to know if that hurts while you do it.
Debbie Barker: No, not really good
Chris Alliman MD: All right, so that's about it. I can't listen to your heart or lungs. I can't do any of that other stuff.
Debbie Barker: Right.
Chris Alliman MD: I can, I am watching your nervous system from your facial expressions and of course we're talking so I know your coherence. So there are things that I can do that way too.
Chris Alliman MD: So that's good.
Chris Alliman MD: All right.
Chris Alliman MD: When was the last time to take the oxy codeine pills.
Debbie Barker: Last night.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. How are you doing, because I would have I would imagine you would have taken some today.
Debbie Barker: On fixing do mine, my knees or bother money's in my back in my hand. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: When was the last time to to use the heroin to smoke in the
Debbie Barker: Morning. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right.
Chris Alliman MD: How much do you know
Chris Alliman MD: How much do you know about Suboxone
Debbie Barker: I don't know very much about it. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So the way Suboxone works is that it's a long acting opiate
Chris Alliman MD: All right, just like the heroin and the hydrocodone and the oxycodone are opiates.
Chris Alliman MD: Right Suboxone is an opiate but but the others are short acting while Suboxone is long acting
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so you don't take Suboxone nearly as much as those short acting one
Debbie Barker: That would be wonderful. I get started to taking pills.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah.
Debbie Barker: They have a whole bunch of stuff. And I just throw them all away and I take this little bit now and do just fine. I get my son, they call the time and it just wasn't worth it.
Chris Alliman MD: Now here's the other thing on Suboxone pushes off the oxy codeine and the hydrocodone and the heroin from the receptors in the body.
Debbie Barker: What that
Chris Alliman MD: Means is that if you take the the the Suboxone too soon it will kick you into really bad withdrawals.
OK. OK.
Debbie Barker: Good.
Chris Alliman MD: So generally what we need to have you do is we need to have you wait until you're a bit uncomfortable till you're in moderate withdrawals.
Chris Alliman MD: Before I
Debbie Barker: Take the Suboxone okay
Chris Alliman MD: Have you ever been in moderate withdrawals.
Debbie Barker: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: What does that feel like for you.
Debbie Barker: Everything arts
Everything.
Debbie Barker: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: You get cramping with it.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes, yeah.
Debbie Barker: Yeah, especially with my life.
Chris Alliman MD: Often people get like goosebumps, maybe a little bit of sweat, they'll feel nauseated stomachs kind of crappy
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, all these things. Yeah, that's when you then take the Suboxone
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, if you take it before that it's going to kick those withdrawals into the really, really bad end of things.
Debbie Barker: We don't want that.
Chris Alliman MD: We don't want that. Now, generally what we understand is that it takes about
Chris Alliman MD: Two days to get into moderate withdrawals two to three days.
Debbie Barker: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So that means going without the short acting opiates no oxy codeine hydrocodone or heroin.
Chris Alliman MD: For about two to three days before taking the Suboxone
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, what do you think about that.
Debbie Barker: I think I could do that.
Chris Alliman MD: I think you could do that.
Chris Alliman MD: Oh, good, good. There are some specific instructions about how to take the Suboxone
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, when you're starting off like this. So, initially you take you take one film when you're in moderate withdrawals.
Debbie Barker: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And then two to four hours later, you take another half of the film, if you need to.
Chris Alliman MD: If you don't need to. You don't take it.
Debbie Barker: You need to
Chris Alliman MD: And then two to four hours after that you take another half of film, if you need to.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so that's the first day.
Chris Alliman MD: On the second day, you take, you start with the total from the first day. So if you only took one film. The first day that's what you start with on the second day
Debbie Barker: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: But if you took two films. The first day that's what you start with the second day
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. And then again, two to four hours later, you can take half and two to four hours after that you can take another half
Debbie Barker: Okay.
Debbie Barker: This is all
Chris Alliman MD: I'm going to email these instructions to you. Okay, so you'll have them.
Debbie Barker: All
Chris Alliman MD: On day three, you take the total from day two. And you can split those up during the day. But there's no extra films during the day.
Debbie Barker: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And then day for you just take two films during the day, probably one in the morning, one in the evening.
Chris Alliman MD: And then we'll check in to see where things are at and how you're doing.
Debbie Barker: Where they help me sleep.
Chris Alliman MD: Um, so they don't work specifically for sleep. What they help out with is of course the withdrawal symptoms.
Chris Alliman MD: Like cravings.
Chris Alliman MD: And they also help out with pain.
Debbie Barker: So if
Chris Alliman MD: Those are the things that are keeping you awake, then yes, it'll help out.
Debbie Barker: Okay. Oh, nice man. Good, good. No.
Chris Alliman MD: I have an email address for you as Debbie Barker 753 at GMAIL. COM
Debbie Barker: Right, good.
Chris Alliman MD: So I'm going to send that information to the list of how to take the medication.
Chris Alliman MD: OK, the next thing we need to do is figure out a good group for you to be part of
Debbie Barker: To participate in
Chris Alliman MD: I'd like to
Chris Alliman MD: I'd like to offer the Friday 12 noon group.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. Would that work out for you.
Debbie Barker: Now that would work out good.
Chris Alliman MD: I think that would be a really good one for you.
Chris Alliman MD: So today, when you called into bright heart health. And that's going to be the same process that you'll do for Friday for the
Debbie Barker: Group. Okay, I'm getting that down the good
Chris Alliman MD: Good. But we want you to do that. We want you to call in about 30 minutes ahead of time.
Debbie Barker: Okay, like I did today.
Chris Alliman MD: Yep. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay so calling bright heart health through that phone number is just like calling the doctor's office or just like going in the front door of the doctor's office.
Chris Alliman MD: Right one, there's always align and two, there's usually paperwork that has to happen.
Chris Alliman MD: Right. So if you can call five minutes before group, you're not going to get through the check in before before group start
Chris Alliman MD: Right. That's like, that's why we have you call in half an hour ahead of time.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. And you've already got that phone number, right, you're all set with that.
Debbie Barker: phone. My phone
Chris Alliman MD: Good set reminders in your phone or set the calendar for it on there because it's going to be every Friday, including this Friday. Actually, you know what, it's, it's not this Friday this Friday, we've just changed. It's going to be Thursday at 1230
Chris Alliman MD: It's changing only for this week.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so I'll send that in the email.
Chris Alliman MD: But it's gonna be
Chris Alliman MD: It's gonna be this Thursday.
Debbie Barker: At 12 o'clock.
Debbie Barker: At 1230 1230 okay
Chris Alliman MD: Yep, so just this time.
Chris Alliman MD: Good.
Chris Alliman MD: And then at that meeting, you're going to meet the therapist. Her name is Glenn of your
Chris Alliman MD: Okay and so will will work on getting you scheduled with her to talk with her.
Debbie Barker: I like
Chris Alliman MD: We also have a person that does pain management.
Chris Alliman MD: They don't use medications they use other processes to help out with pain management and are very successful with it.
Debbie Barker: Great.
Chris Alliman MD: So that's something we will get there. I want to get you stable on the Suboxone first
Debbie Barker: But then I would help out a lot. I used to be able to manage it paint head. Why, you know, when I was younger, but that takes takes a lot of concentration and a lot of practice.
Chris Alliman MD: Absolutely it does. And I think this would be a wonderful person.
Debbie Barker: To get you connected with you take your, from your head and takes it down throughout your body and on out your feet, that kind of thing. Yeah, yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, I haven't been in the meeting, so I can't tell you exactly what they consist of, but I would imagine that's definitely some of it. I would think.
Yeah.
Debbie Barker: Good.
Chris Alliman MD: The other medication that I'm going to send in to you is a medication called nerd can have you had an arcane before
Debbie Barker: Yeah, I have it.
Debbie Barker: You have here because of my daughter. Yeah.
Debbie Barker: My dog's been invited for two or three years. Okay, I've had to use it on her friends and things like that. So I do keep it on hand. Good.
Chris Alliman MD: I'm going to send in another prescription for you. You can choose to pick it up or not.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Bunch of refills on it. Also, in case you need
Debbie Barker: Help stab it on hand just in case.
Chris Alliman MD: There you go.
Chris Alliman MD: Makes a lot of sense, doesn't it.
Debbie Barker: Yeah, I got kids in and out of here, sometime. I mean, you know, older kids what I call kids in those 30 sure like third
Sure.
Sounds good.
Chris Alliman MD: Are there questions that you have, Debbie.
Debbie Barker: No, I don't have any questions at this point.
Debbie Barker: Like you said it was on the email I
Debbie Barker: Got my daughter gonna be able to help me go through the email because I can't do email. So I'm graduating learning
Chris Alliman MD: Good. Good, glad to hear that. So what I'm going to do today is I'm going to send in the prescription for Suboxone
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, it's only going to be for a few days like four days.
Chris Alliman MD: But then we'll
Chris Alliman MD: We'll get the refill sent in. So we'll get you taken care of.
Debbie Barker: All right.
Chris Alliman MD: I'm also going to send in the prescription for Narc cam
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, I'm going to send you a couple emails, one is going to be the information about the group and the therapist and all of that.
Debbie Barker: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: The second email is going to have the instructions on how to take the Suboxone
Debbie Barker: Yeah, because remember that again.
Chris Alliman MD: Yep. So remember, you need to be in moderate withdrawals. So that's going to be two to three days without the the heroin or the oxy codeine
Debbie Barker: Oh, right. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So we'll work with that it's going to be a little uncomfortable as you work through it, but you'll get there.
Debbie Barker: On time come to me with it. Do some
Chris Alliman MD: What are you going to do
Debbie Barker: Yeah, yeah. Good.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, well, I'm going to get working on that and I'll get those medications sent in yet today so you can get them picked up and get ready to go.
Debbie Barker: All right.
Chris Alliman MD: And then I'm going to see you on Thursday.
Debbie Barker: At 1230 this week.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right.
Debbie Barker: Sounds good. Does your
Chris Alliman MD: Does your daughter have any question.
Debbie Barker: Or do you know any other questions.
Debbie Barker: No, I'm Tony, I knew her for the program. But I've been trying to program, but I don't have ID.
Debbie Barker: So I have insurance, but I don't have an ID right now.
Chris Alliman MD: You don't have a what
Debbie Barker: An ID.
Chris Alliman MD: Oh, he
Chris Alliman MD: Like a driver's license.
Debbie Barker: Yes, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, gotcha. Yeah, get that stuff worked out state ID anything I think works. I'm not sure what the requirements are but it'd be great to have you in there just so you know we do keep family members in separate groups. We don't have them in the same groups.
Debbie Barker: That's cool.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Okay, so you're aware that
Chris Alliman MD: All right, Debbie. Good to see you today.
Debbie Barker: Good to see you do. Thank you.
Chris Alliman MD: You bet. I'll talk to you later. You can go ahead and sign out
Okay.
Alright so dictating on this patient, you should pretty much most of it.
Chris Alliman MD: psych impression, substance abuse, and the anxiety and depressive symptoms level of stress is moderate to severe and includes economic and physical problems relationship stressors are mild
Chris Alliman MD: Patient has a strong sense of self and good object relations appears abstract down exam port patient denies history of psychiatric reports a psychiatric treatment. Treatment but no hospitalizations.
Chris Alliman MD: Assessment and plan. This will be the induction plan as listed patient will join the Friday 12 noon group. However, this week the Friday group will be meeting on Thursday at 1230 so she is aware of that will join at that point, she will establish with Gwen for therapy.
Chris Alliman MD: p&p reviewed and shows one prescriber one pharmacy with last Phil being 319 that was Percocet, five or 30 days number 16 kills
Chris Alliman MD: All right, and dictation. Thanks.